# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml
alembic==1.15.2
    # via dagster
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.13.2
    # via dagster
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   gql
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
backoff==2.2.1
    # via gql
boto3==1.38.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
botocore==1.38.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
    #   snowflake-connector-python
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   dagster-webserver
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==14.0
    # via dagster
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
dagster==1.10.11
    # via
    #   hackathon (pyproject.toml)
    #   dagster-graphql
    #   dagster-snowflake
    #   dagster-webserver
dagster-graphql==1.10.11
    # via dagster-webserver
dagster-pipes==1.10.11
    # via dagster
dagster-shared==0.26.11
    # via dagster
dagster-snowflake==0.26.11
    # via hackathon (pyproject.toml)
dagster-webserver==1.10.11
    # via hackathon (pyproject.toml)
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via dagster
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   snowflake-connector-python
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via universal-pathlib
gql==3.5.2
    # via dagster-graphql
graphene==3.4.3
    # via dagster-graphql
graphql-core==3.2.4
    # via
    #   gql
    #   graphene
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==3.2.0
    # via graphene
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   grpcio-health-checking
grpcio-health-checking==1.71.0
    # via dagster
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via hackathon (pyproject.toml)
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yarl
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.1.0
    # via keyring
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via dagster
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
keyring==25.6.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
multidict==6.4.3
    # via yarl
numpy==2.2.5
    # via pandas
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   dagster-shared
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pandas==2.2.3
    # via snowflake-connector-python
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via snowflake-connector-python
polars==1.27.1
    # via hackathon (pyproject.toml)
propcache==0.3.1
    # via yarl
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   grpcio-health-checking
pyarrow==18.1.0
    # via
    #   hackathon (pyproject.toml)
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via dagster-shared
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via
    #   dagster-snowflake
    #   snowflake-connector-python
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   graphene
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   uvicorn
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   pandas
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   dagster-shared
    #   uvicorn
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   dagster-graphql
    #   gql
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via gql
rich==14.0.0
    # via dagster
ruff==0.11.6
    # via hackathon (pyproject.toml)
s3transfer==0.12.0
    # via boto3
setuptools==79.0.1
    # via dagster
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
snowflake-connector-python==3.14.1
    # via
    #   hackathon (pyproject.toml)
    #   dagster-snowflake
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   dagster
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   dagster-graphql
    #   dagster-webserver
structlog==25.2.0
    # via dagster
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via dagster
tomli==2.2.1
    # via dagster
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via snowflake-connector-python
toposort==1.10
    # via dagster
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via dagster
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   dagster-shared
    #   graphene
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
universal-pathlib==0.2.6
    # via dagster
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.34.2
    # via dagster-webserver
watchdog==5.0.3
    # via dagster
watchfiles==1.0.5
    # via uvicorn
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
yarl==1.20.0
    # via gql
